2019-11-27-Upbit Article (#144)
1712n/dn-institute: content/attacks/posts/2019-11-27-Upbit.md

---
date: 2019-11-27
custodians: Upbit

> categories: Custodian

Reviewer: Add quotes around the "Type of Attack"

title: "Upbit Loses $49 Million in Cyberattack"
---

## Summary

> On November 27, 2019, Upbit, one of South Korea's largest cryptocurrency exchanges, fell victim to a major cyberattack, resulting in [the theft of approximately $49 million](https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2019/11/27/upbit-is-the-seventh-major-crypto-exchange-hack-of-2019/#:~:text=Upbit%20is%20the%20latest%20hacking,for%20at%20least%20two%20weeks.) worth of Ethereum (342,000 ETH). The attack specifically targeted Upbit's hot wallet, from which the funds were transferred to an unknown wallet address. To safeguard the remaining assets, Upbit promptly [moved them to cold storage](https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2020/01/14/upbit-exchange-resumes-ether-services-months-after-49m-hack/) as a safety measure. The exchange took immediate action, [replenishing the stolen funds with its own assets](https://upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=1085) and ensuring no impact on its customers.

Reviewer 2: Please, shorten and clear source link

Author: Shortened the long link - removed a fragment identifier from it:
https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2019/11/27/upbit-is-the-seventh-major-crypto-exchange-hack-of-2019/#:~:text=Upbit%20is%20the%20latest%20hacking,for%20at%20least%20two%20weeks.

> On November 27, 2019, Upbit, one of South Korea's largest cryptocurrency exchanges, fell victim to a major cyberattack, resulting in [the theft of approximately $49 million](https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2019/11/27/upbit-is-the-seventh-major-crypto-exchange-hack-of-2019/#:~:text=Upbit%20is%20the%20latest%20hacking,for%20at%20least%20two%20weeks.) worth of Ethereum (342,000 ETH). The attack specifically targeted Upbit's hot wallet, from which the funds were transferred to an unknown wallet address. To safeguard the remaining assets, Upbit promptly [moved them to cold storage](https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2020/01/14/upbit-exchange-resumes-ether-services-months-after-49m-hack/). The exchange took immediate action, [replenishing the stolen funds with its own assets](https://upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=1085&__cf_chl_jschl_tk__=0a2128c5bc6e7ba8d9f99fff770676b8070e471b-1579005041-0-AUmR6pokVjxLCmFXWKC9Y1atFSTinmPh0P8Kop58d7j4yWp9xNfodR6vQihzOV4dIzfY3uOOT6Dx736M0yQfRvuxbk9pTugKkB7c4-ISSZ9lxyO_YPwSbyhLNMTtYbUIcK76wr2jst46ThuLr5m4fuBNWfhXSbf6nt-WRpTSiKbYOe0MXcjIB3lOar_v1jKImE25ubqU1M0sKtu__DLaGz8pCBL4oPYNSSBAAA88GGFhXoBI51UqyowBWDD43U8xgIgOWODNJXRQLJLJVBhGMF8iGHyzb6lzOShTvEEQky9B) and ensuring no impact on its customers.

Reviewer 2: > The exchange took immediate action, [replenishing the stolen funds with its own assets](https://upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=1085&__cf_chl_jschl_tk__=0a2128c5bc6e7ba8d9f99fff770676b8070e471b-1579005041-0-AUmR6pokVjxLCmFXWKC9Y1atFSTinmPh0P8Kop58d7j4yWp9xNfodR6vQihzOV4dIzfY3uOOT6Dx736M0yQfRvuxbk9pTugKkB7c4-ISSZ9lxyO_YPwSbyhLNMTtYbUIcK76wr2jst46ThuLr5m4fuBNWfhXSbf6nt-WRpTSiKbYOe0MXcjIB3lOar_v1jKImE25ubqU1M0sKtu__DLaGz8pCBL4oPYNSSBAAA88GGFhXoBI51UqyowBWDD43U8xgIgOWODNJXRQLJLJVBhGMF8iGHyzb6lzOShTvEEQky9B) and ensuring no impact on its customers.

Shorten the source link, deleting all unnecessary characters after &

## Attackers

The identity of the attackers involved in the Upbit hack remains unknown. However, the wallet address associated with the attackers is: [0xa09871AEadF4994Ca12f5c0b6056BBd1d343c029](https://etherscan.io/address/a09871aeadf4994ca12f5c0b6056bbd1d343c029).

## Losses

The Upbit hack resulted in the loss of approximately **$49 million** worth of Ethereum (ETH). 

## Timeline:

> - **November 27, 2019, 4:06 (UTC):** Upbit [detects a significant security breach](https://upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=1085) targeting its Ethereum hot wallet, leading to the loss of approximately $49 million worth of Ethereum (342,000 ETH)

Reviewer 2: Remove source that's already in the article, also remove second part of the sentence, and simplify the rest. Use factual sentences in Timeline please.

Author: Done.

```suggestion
- **November 27, 2019, 4:06 (UTC):** Upbit detects a major security breach in its Ethereum hot wallet.
```

> The identity of the attackers involved in the Upbit hack remains unknown. However, the wallet address associated with the attackers [has been annotated as](https://explorer.bitquery.io/ru/ethereum/address/0xa09871aeadf4994ca12f5c0b6056bbd1d343c029): *Upbit Theft*, *Upbit Hacker 1*, *Upbit Hack*, *Heist*. The address is 0xa09871AEadF4994Ca12f5c0b6056BBd1d343c029.

Reviewer 2: Shorten the sentence, leave only one annotation or remove it completely. Make an address as a link, like [0xa09871AEadF4994Ca12f5c0b6056BBd1d343c029](onchain link) on a new line
And I would suggest to use Etherscan links, since it's more appropriate and Bitquery loadds slower

- **November 27, 2019, 4:45 (UTC):** Upbit [suspends all cryptocurrency deposits and withdrawals](https://sg.upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=2310), taking immediate action to prevent further unauthorized access and mitigate potential damages.
- **November 27, 2019, 8:56 (UTC):** Upbit acknowledges the security breach in an official statement, assuring users that their assets will be fully protected and covered by the company.

> - **January 13, 2020, 17:00 (UTC):** Upbit [announces the completion of security enhancements and reopens cryptocurrency deposits and withdrawals](https://sg.upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=2333), restoring full functionality to the exchange.

Reviewer 2: Remove the second part of the sentence

Author: Simplified the sentences and removed the unnecessary.

```suggestion
- **November 27, 2019, 4:45 (UTC):** Upbit [suspends all cryptocurrency deposits and withdrawals](https://sg.upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=2310) to prevent additional unauthorized access and minimize potential damages.
- **November 27, 2019, 8:56 (UTC):** Upbit publicly acknowledges the security breach in an official statement and assures its users that their assets will be fully protected and covered by the company.
- **January 13, 2020, 17:00 (UTC):** Upbit [announces the completion of security enhancements and reopens cryptocurrency deposits and withdrawals](https://sg.upbit.com/service_center/notice?id=2333).
```

> - **November 27, 2019, 8:56 (UTC):** Upbit announces the security breach through an official statement, reassuring its users that their assets will be fully covered by the exchange's own funds. The exchange collaborates with other cryptocurrency platforms and relevant organizations in tracking and recovering the stolen funds.

Reviewer 2: Remove last sentence and simplify the rest text, like leaving the meaningful part, in this case, the point is that they reassured their users about covering the funds lost

## Security Failure Causes

> The cause of the Upbit hack remains undisclosed, but it is widely believed that the attackers took advantage of weaknesses in Upbit's hot wallet system, leading to unauthorized access and fund transfers. It is speculated that [a combination of phishing and malware attacks]((https://medium.com/@Web3verseAcad/breaking-down-the-upbit-heist-everything-you-need-to-know-556617c31c22)) allowed the hackers to acquire the wallet's private keys.

Reviewer 2: Add bullet point

Author: Formatted this part in accordance with the latest articles in [dn.insititute](https://dn.institute/attacks/posts/).

```suggestion
**The Wallet System's Vulnerability:** The cause of the Upbit hack remains undisclosed, but it is widely believed that the attackers took advantage of weaknesses in Upbit's hot wallet system, leading to unauthorized access and fund transfers. 
```

```suggestion
**A Phishing-Malware Hybrid Attack:** It is speculated that [a combination of phishing and malware attacks](https://medium.com/@Web3verseAcad/breaking-down-the-upbit-heist-everything-you-need-to-know-556617c31c22) allowed the hackers to acquire the wallet's private keys.
```

> The exact causes of the security failure that led to the Upbit hack were not explicitly disclosed by the exchange. However, it is widely speculated that the attackers exploited vulnerabilities or weaknesses in Upbit's hot wallet infrastructure, allowing unauthorized access and the subsequent transfer of funds. It is believed [that a combination of phishing and malware attacks](https://medium.com/@Web3verseAcad/breaking-down-the-upbit-heist-everything-you-need-to-know-556617c31c22) enabled the hackers to gain access to the wallet's private keys. Detailed technical information regarding the specific security failure causes has not been made publicly available.

Reviewer 2: Remove the last sentence, and simplify the rest
